---
layout: post
title: InMa 2024 Symposium
date: 2024-11-19
inline: false
disqus_comments: true
---

# Characterization and Properties of Interface-Domindated Materials - InMa 2024 Symposium

Together with our colleagues, Dr. Nicolas J. Peter (IMD-1), Dr. Jin Wang (IMD-1), and Dr. Abril Azocar Guzman (IAS-9), we organized a symposium on Characterization and Properties of Interface-Domindated Materials. The event website is online [here](https://events.hifis.net/event/1738/).



Interfaces are present in almost all materials we use and dictate many of the materials’ properties, functions, and behaviors. Consequently, a fundamental understanding of material interface structures, how they interact with other material constituents, and how they can be modified is desirable to benefit from such interfaces for new material developments with tailored properties or functions. As a consequence, the scope of the symposium will be to bring together scientists investigating interface-dominated materials with different backgrounds, but the common goals of understanding these materials and interface-related mechanisms better, of answering application-relevant questions, and of developing promising new materials.

The in-person symposium will cover three days, which will contain several topic sessions, a poster session, two invited international keynote speakers, a “Think-outside-the-box” talk, and a podium discussion. Besides the topic sessions, one session will be dedicated to the promotion of young scientists including a best talk award. 

Topics relevant for the symposium include:

- Structural and energy materials
- Materials in harsh environments
- Interfaces of architectured materials
- In situ/operando characterization
- Computational science of interfaces
- Advances in methodology and informatics

Prominent researchers were invited to give keynote lectures, invited talks, contributed presentations and poster presentations. The book of abstract is available below:

<iframe src="/assets/pdf/inma24_book_of_abstracts.pdf" width="100%" height="600px">
    This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: 
    <a href="/assets/pdf/inma24_book_of_abstracts.pdf">Download PDF</a>.
</iframe>

## Organizing committee:

**Head organizer**: Dr. Nicolas J. Peter (IMD-1)
**Co-organizers**: Dr. Jin Wang (IMD-1), Dr. Abril Azocar Guzman (IAS-9), Dr. Bashir Kazimi (IAS-9)


